---
page_title: "Data Source: auth0_action_module"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 action module by id.
---

# Data Source: auth0_action_module

Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 action module by `id`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "auth0_action_module" "my_module" {
  id = "mod_XXXXXXXXXXXX"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the action module.

### Read-Only

- `actions_using_module_total` (Number) The number of deployed actions using this module.
- `all_changes_published` (Boolean) Whether all draft changes have been published as a version.
- `code` (String) The source code of the action module.
- `dependencies` (Set of Object) List of third party npm modules, and their versions, that this action module depends on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependencies))
- `latest_version` (List of Object) The latest published version of the action module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_version))
- `latest_version_number` (Number) The version number of the latest published version.
- `name` (String) The name of the action module.
- `publish` (Boolean) Publishing a module will create a new immutable version of the module from the current draft. Actions using this module can then reference the published version.
- `secrets` (Set of Object) List of secrets that are included in the action module. Partial management of secrets is not supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))
- `version_id` (String) Version ID of the module. This value is available if `publish` is set to true.

<a id="nestedatt--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependencies`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--latest_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_version`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String)
- `created_at` (String)
- `dependencies` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--latest_version--dependencies))
- `id` (String)
- `secrets` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--latest_version--secrets))
- `version_number` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--latest_version--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_version.dependencies`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--latest_version--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_version.secrets`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `value` (String)


