---
page_title: "Data Source: auth0_action"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 action by name.
---

# Data Source: auth0_action

Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 action by `name`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# An Auth0 Action loaded using its name.
data "auth0_action" "my_action" {
  name = "action-name"
}

# An Auth0 Action loaded using its ID.
data "auth0_action" "my_action" {
  id = "09ee2b9b-282d-4a65-87d1-f01adf007745"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the action. If not provided, `name` must be set.
- `name` (String) The name of the action. If not provided, `id` must be set.

### Read-Only

- `code` (String) The source code of the action.
- `dependencies` (Set of Object) List of third party npm modules, and their versions, that this action depends on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependencies))
- `deploy` (Boolean) Deploying an action will create a new immutable version of the action. If the action is currently bound to a trigger, then the system will begin executing the newly deployed version of the action immediately.
- `runtime` (String) The Node runtime. Possible values are: `node12`, `node16` (not recommended), `node18`, `node22`
- `secrets` (Set of Object) List of secrets that are included in an action or a version of an action. Partial management of secrets is not supported. If the secret block is edited, the whole object is re-provisioned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))
- `supported_triggers` (List of Object) List of triggers that this action supports. At this time, an action can only target a single trigger at a time. Read [Retrieving the set of triggers available within actions](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/auth0/auth0/latest/docs/guides/action_triggers) to retrieve the latest trigger versions supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--supported_triggers))
- `version_id` (String) Version ID of the action. This value is available if `deploy` is set to true.

<a id="nestedatt--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependencies`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--supported_triggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supported_triggers`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `version` (String)


