---
page_title: "Data Source: auth0_connection_directory"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve directory provisioning configuration for an Auth0 connection by connection_id.
---

# Data Source: auth0_connection_directory

Data source to retrieve directory provisioning configuration for an Auth0 connection by `connection_id`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "auth0_connection_directory" "my_directory_config" {
  connection_id = "con_xxxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) ID of the connection for this directory provisioning configuration.

### Read-Only

- `connection_name` (String) Name of the connection for this directory provisioning configuration.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp at which the directory provisioning configuration was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_synchronization_at` (String) The timestamp at which the connection was last synchronized.
- `last_synchronization_error` (String) The error message of the last synchronization, if any.
- `last_synchronization_status` (String) The status of the last synchronization.
- `mapping` (Set of Object) Mapping between Auth0 attributes and IDP user attributes. Defaults to default mapping for the connection type if not specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mapping))
- `strategy` (String) Strategy of the connection for this directory provisioning configuration.
- `synchronize_automatically` (Boolean) Whether periodic automatic synchronization is enabled. Defaults to false.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp at which the directory provisioning configuration was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mapping`

Read-Only:

- `auth0` (String)
- `idp` (String)


