---
page_title: "Data Source: auth0_event_stream"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 Event Stream by id.
---

# Data Source: auth0_event_stream

Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 Event Stream by `id`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# An Auth0 Event Stream loaded using its ID.
data "auth0_event_stream" "test" {
  id = "est_XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Event Stream.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The ISO 8601 timestamp when the stream was created.
- `destination_type` (String) The type of event stream destination (either 'eventbridge' or 'webhook').
- `eventbridge_configuration` (List of Object) Configuration for the EventBridge destination. This block is only applicable when `destination_type` is set to `eventbridge`. EventBridge configurations **cannot** be updated after creation. Any change to this block will force the resource to be recreated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eventbridge_configuration))
- `name` (String) The name of the event stream.
- `status` (String) The current status of the event stream.
- `subscriptions` (List of String) List of event types this stream is subscribed to.
- `updated_at` (String) The ISO 8601 timestamp when the stream was last updated.
- `webhook_configuration` (List of Object) Configuration for the Webhook destination. This block is only applicable when `destination_type` is set to `webhook`. Webhook configurations **can** be updated after creation, including the endpoint and authorization fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhook_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--eventbridge_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eventbridge_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `aws_account_id` (String)
- `aws_partner_event_source` (String)
- `aws_region` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--webhook_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `webhook_authorization` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--webhook_configuration--webhook_authorization))
- `webhook_endpoint` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--webhook_configuration--webhook_authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook_configuration.webhook_authorization`

Read-Only:

- `method` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `token` (String)
- `username` (String)


