---
page_title: "Data Source: auth0_organization"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 organization by organization_id or name.
---

# Data Source: auth0_organization

Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 organization by `organization_id` or `name`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# An Auth0 Organization loaded using its name.
data "auth0_organization" "some-organization-by-name" {
  name = "my-org"
}

# An Auth0 Organization loaded using its ID.
data "auth0_organization" "some-organization-by-id" {
  organization_id = "org_abcdefghkijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the organization. If not provided, `organization_id` must be set. For performance, it is advised to use the `organization_id` as a lookup if possible.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization. If not provided, `name` must be set.

### Read-Only

- `branding` (List of Object) Defines how to style the login pages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branding))
- `client_grants` (Set of String) Client Grant ID(s) that are associated to the organization.
- `connections` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connections))
- `display_name` (String) Friendly name of this organization.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `members` (Set of String) User ID(s) that are members of the organization.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata associated with the organization. Maximum of 10 metadata properties allowed.
- `token_quota` (List of Object) The token quota configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--token_quota))

<a id="nestedatt--branding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branding`

Read-Only:

- `colors` (Map of String)
- `logo_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connections`

Read-Only:

- `assign_membership_on_login` (Boolean)
- `connection_id` (String)
- `is_signup_enabled` (Boolean)
- `show_as_button` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--token_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `token_quota`

Read-Only:

- `client_credentials` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--token_quota--client_credentials))

<a id="nestedobjatt--token_quota--client_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `token_quota.client_credentials`

Read-Only:

- `enforce` (Boolean)
- `per_day` (Number)
- `per_hour` (Number)


