---
page_title: "Data Source: auth0_self_service_profile"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 Self-Service Profile by id
---

# Data Source: auth0_self_service_profile

Data source to retrieve a specific Auth0 Self-Service Profile by `id`

## Example Usage

```terraform
# An Auth0 Self-Service- Profile loaded using it's ID.
data "auth0_self_service_profile" "auth0_self_service_profile" {
  id = "some-profile-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The id of the Self Service Profile

### Read-Only

- `allowed_strategies` (Set of String) List of IdP strategies that will be shown to users during the Self-Service SSO flow.
- `branding` (List of Object) Field can be used to customize the look and feel of the wizard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--branding))
- `created_at` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date the profile was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the self-service Profile
- `name` (String) The name of the self-service Profile
- `updated_at` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date the profile was updated.
- `user_attribute_profile_id` (String) The ID of the user attribute profile to use for this self-service profile. Cannot be used with user_attributes.
- `user_attributes` (List of Object) This array stores the mapping information that will be shown to the user during the SS-SSO flow. The user will be prompted to map the attributes on their identity provider to ensure the specified attributes get passed to Auth0. Cannot be used with user_attribute_profile_id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--branding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branding`

Read-Only:

- `colors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--branding--colors))
- `logo_url` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--branding--colors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `branding.colors`

Read-Only:

- `primary` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--user_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `is_optional` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)


