---
page_title: "Data Source: auth0_tenant"
description: |-
  Use this data source to access information about the tenant this provider is configured to access.
---

# Data Source: auth0_tenant

Use this data source to access information about the tenant this provider is configured to access.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "auth0_tenant" "my_tenant" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `allowed_logout_urls` (List of String) URLs that Auth0 may redirect to after logout.
- `default_audience` (String) API Audience to use by default for API Authorization flows. This setting is equivalent to appending the audience to every authorization request made to the tenant for every application.
- `default_directory` (String) Name of the connection to be used for Password Grant exchanges. Options include `auth0-adldap`, `ad`, `auth0`, `email`, `sms`, `waad`, and `adfs`.
- `default_redirection_uri` (String) The default absolute redirection URI. Must be HTTPS or an empty string.
- `domain` (String) Your Auth0 domain name.
- `enabled_locales` (List of String) Supported locales for the user interface. The first locale in the list will be used to set the default locale.
- `flags` (List of Object) Configuration settings for tenant flags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flags))
- `friendly_name` (String) Friendly name for the tenant.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `idle_session_lifetime` (Number) Number of hours during which a session can be inactive before the user must log in again.
- `management_api_identifier` (String) The identifier value of the built-in Management API resource server, which can be used as an audience when configuring client grants.
- `picture_url` (String) URL of logo to be shown for the tenant. Recommended size is 150px x 150px. If no URL is provided, the Auth0 logo will be used.
- `sandbox_version` (String) Selected sandbox version for the extensibility environment, which allows you to use custom scripts to extend parts of Auth0's functionality.
- `session_cookie` (List of Object) Alters behavior of tenant's session cookie. Contains a single `mode` property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--session_cookie))
- `session_lifetime` (Number) Number of hours during which a session will stay valid.
- `support_email` (String) Support email address for authenticating users.
- `support_url` (String) Support URL for authenticating users.
- `universal_login` (List of Object) Configuration settings for Universal Login. These configuration settings have been deprecated. Migrate to managing these settings through the `auth0_branding` resource. Check the [MIGRATION_GUIDE](https://github.com/auth0/terraform-provider-auth0/blob/main/MIGRATION_GUIDE.md#tenant-universal-login) for more info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--universal_login))

<a id="nestedatt--flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flags`

Read-Only:

- `allow_legacy_delegation_grant_types` (Boolean)
- `allow_legacy_ro_grant_types` (Boolean)
- `allow_legacy_tokeninfo_endpoint` (Boolean)
- `dashboard_insights_view` (Boolean)
- `dashboard_log_streams_next` (Boolean)
- `disable_clickjack_protection_headers` (Boolean)
- `disable_fields_map_fix` (Boolean)
- `disable_management_api_sms_obfuscation` (Boolean)
- `enable_adfs_waad_email_verification` (Boolean)
- `enable_apis_section` (Boolean)
- `enable_client_connections` (Boolean)
- `enable_custom_domain_in_emails` (Boolean)
- `enable_dynamic_client_registration` (Boolean)
- `enable_idtoken_api2` (Boolean)
- `enable_legacy_logs_search_v2` (Boolean)
- `enable_legacy_profile` (Boolean)
- `enable_pipeline2` (Boolean)
- `enable_public_signup_user_exists_error` (Boolean)
- `mfa_show_factor_list_on_enrollment` (Boolean)
- `no_disclose_enterprise_connections` (Boolean)
- `revoke_refresh_token_grant` (Boolean)
- `universal_login` (Boolean)
- `use_scope_descriptions_for_consent` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--session_cookie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_cookie`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--universal_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `universal_login`

Read-Only:

- `colors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--universal_login--colors))

<a id="nestedobjatt--universal_login--colors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `universal_login.colors`

Read-Only:

- `page_background` (String)
- `primary` (String)


