---
page_title: "Provider: Auth0"
description: |-
  The Auth0 provider is used to interact with Auth0 applications and APIs.
---

# Auth0 Provider

The Auth0 provider is used to interact with the [Auth0 Management API](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2) in
order to configure an Auth0 Tenant.

It provides resources that allow you to create and manage clients, resource servers, client grants, connections, email
providers and templates, rules and rule variables, users, roles, tenants, custom domains, and many more, as part of a
Terraform deployment.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources and data sources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "auth0" {
  domain        = "<domain>"
  client_id     = "<client-id>"
  client_secret = "<client-secret>"
  debug         = "<debug>"
}
```

```terraform
provider "auth0" {
  domain                       = "<domain>"
  client_id                    = "<client-id>"
  client_assertion_private_key = "<private-key>"
  client_assertion_signing_alg = "<signing-algorithm>"
  debug                        = "<debug>"
}
```

~> Hard-coding credentials into any Terraform configuration is not recommended, and risks secret leakage should this
file ever be committed to a public version control system. See [Environment Variables](#environment-variables) for a
better alternative.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_token` (String) Your Auth0 [management api access token](https://auth0.com/docs/security/tokens/access-tokens/management-api-access-tokens). It can also be sourced from the `AUTH0_API_TOKEN` environment variable. It can be used instead of `client_id` + `client_secret`. If both are specified, `api_token` will be used over `client_id` + `client_secret` fields.
- `audience` (String) Your Auth0 audience when using a custom domain. It can also be sourced from the `AUTH0_AUDIENCE` environment variable.
- `cli_login` (Boolean) While toggled on, the API token gets fetched from the keyring for the given domain
- `client_assertion_private_key` (String) The private key used to sign the client assertion JWT. It can also be sourced from the `AUTH0_CLIENT_ASSERTION_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable.
- `client_assertion_signing_alg` (String) The algorithm used to sign the client assertion JWT. It can also be sourced from the `AUTH0_CLIENT_ASSERTION_SIGNING_ALG` environment variable.
- `client_id` (String) Your Auth0 client ID. It can also be sourced from the `AUTH0_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.
- `client_secret` (String) Your Auth0 client secret. It can also be sourced from the `AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.
- `debug` (Boolean) Enables HTTP request and response logging when TF_LOG=DEBUG is set. It can also be sourced from the `AUTH0_DEBUG` environment variable.
- `domain` (String) Your Auth0 domain name. It can also be sourced from the `AUTH0_DOMAIN` environment variable.
- `dynamic_credentials` (Boolean) Indicates whether credentials will be dynamically passed to the provider fromother terraform resources.

## Environment Variables

You can provide your credentials via the `AUTH0_DOMAIN`, `AUTH0_CLIENT_ID` and `AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET` or `AUTH0_API_TOKEN`
or `AUTH0_DOMAIN`, `AUTH0_CLIENT_ID`, `AUTH0_CLIENT_ASSERTION_PRIVATE_KEY` and `AUTH0_CLIENT_ASSERTION_SIGNING_ALG` environment variables, respectively.

```terraform
provider "auth0" {}
```

### Example Usage with Client Secret

```shell
AUTH0_DOMAIN="<domain>" \
AUTH0_CLIENT_ID="<client-id>" \
AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET="<client_secret>" \
terraform plan
```

### Example Usage with Private JWT

```shell
AUTH0_DOMAIN="<domain>" \
AUTH0_CLIENT_ID="<client-id>" \
AUTH0_CLIENT_ASSERTION_PRIVATE_KEY="<private-key>" \
AUTH0_CLIENT_ASSERTION_SIGNING_ALGORITHM="<signing-algorithm>" \
terraform plan
```

## Importing resources

To import Auth0 resources, you will need to know their ID. You can use
the [Auth0 API Explorer](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2) to find your resource ID.
