---
page_title: "Resource: auth0_action_module"
description: |-
  Action Modules are reusable code packages that can be shared across multiple actions. They allow you to write common functionality once and use it in any action that needs it.
---

# Resource: auth0_action_module

Action Modules are reusable code packages that can be shared across multiple actions. They allow you to write common functionality once and use it in any action that needs it.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "auth0_action_module" "my_module" {
  name = "My Shared Module"
  code = <<-EOT
  /**
   * A shared utility function that can be used across multiple actions.
   */
  module.exports = {
    greet: function(name) {
      return "Hello, " + name + "!";
    },
    formatDate: function(date) {
      return date.toISOString();
    }
  };
  EOT

  dependencies {
    name    = "lodash"
    version = "4.17.21"
  }

  secrets {
    name  = "API_KEY"
    value = "my-secret-api-key"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code` (String) The source code of the action module.
- `name` (String) The name of the action module.

### Optional

- `dependencies` (Block Set) List of third party npm modules, and their versions, that this action module depends on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dependencies))
- `publish` (Boolean) Publishing a module will create a new immutable version of the module from the current draft. Actions using this module can then reference the published version.
- `secrets` (Block Set) List of secrets that are included in the action module. Partial management of secrets is not supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--secrets))

### Read-Only

- `actions_using_module_total` (Number) The number of deployed actions using this module.
- `all_changes_published` (Boolean) Whether all draft changes have been published as a version.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `latest_version` (List of Object) The latest published version of the action module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_version))
- `latest_version_number` (Number) The version number of the latest published version.
- `version_id` (String) Version ID of the module. This value is available if `publish` is set to true.

<a id="nestedblock--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependencies`

Required:

- `name` (String) Dependency name, e.g. `lodash`.
- `version` (String) Dependency version, e.g. `latest` or `4.17.21`.


<a id="nestedblock--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Secret name. Required when configuring secrets
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Secret value. Required when configuring secrets

Read-Only:

- `updated_at` (String) Last update time


<a id="nestedatt--latest_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_version`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String)
- `created_at` (String)
- `dependencies` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--latest_version--dependencies))
- `id` (String)
- `secrets` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--latest_version--secrets))
- `version_number` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--latest_version--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_version.dependencies`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--latest_version--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_version.secrets`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)


