---
page_title: "Resource: auth0_connection_okta"
description: |-
  This resource configure your Okta Enterprise Connection to allow your users to use their enterprise credentials to login to your app.
---

# Resource: auth0_connection_okta

This resource configure your Okta Enterprise Connection to allow your users to use their enterprise credentials to login to your app.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# This is an example of an Okta Workforce connection.

resource "auth0_connection_okta" "okta" {
  name           = "okta-connection"
  display_name   = "Okta Workforce Connection"
  strategy       = "okta"
  show_as_button = false

  client_id                = "1234567"
  client_secret            = "1234567"
  domain                   = "example.okta.com"
  domain_aliases           = ["example.com"]
  issuer                   = "https://example.okta.com"
  jwks_uri                 = "https://example.okta.com/v1/oauth2/certs"
  token_endpoint           = "https://example.okta.com/v1/oauth2/token"
  userinfo_endpoint        = "https://example.okta.com/v1/oauth2/token/userinfo"
  authorization_endpoint   = "https://example.okta.com/signin/authorize"
  scopes                   = ["openid", "email"]
  set_user_root_attributes = "on_first_login"
  non_persistent_attrs     = ["ethnicity", "gender"]
  upstream_params = jsonencode({
    "screen_name" : {
      "alias" : "login_hint"
    }
  })
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the connection.

### Optional

- `authorization_endpoint` (String) Authorization endpoint.
- `client_id` (String) The strategy's client ID.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The strategy's client secret.
- `display_name` (String) Name used in login screen.
- `domain` (String) Domain name.
- `domain_aliases` (Set of String) List of the domains that can be authenticated using the identity provider. Only needed for Identifier First authentication flows.
- `icon_url` (String) Icon URL.
- `is_domain_connection` (Boolean) Indicates whether the connection is domain level.
- `issuer` (String) Issuer URL, e.g. `https://auth.example.com`.
- `jwks_uri` (String) JWKS URI.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata associated with the connection, in the form of a map of string values (max 255 chars). Maximum of 10 metadata properties allowed.
- `non_persistent_attrs` (Set of String) If there are user fields that should not be stored in Auth0 databases due to privacy reasons, you can add them to the DenyList here.
- `realms` (List of String) Defines the realms for which the connection will be used (e.g., email domains). If not specified, the connection name is added as the realm.
- `scopes` (Set of String) Permissions to grant to the connection. Within the Auth0 dashboard these appear under the "Attributes" and "Extended Attributes" sections. Some examples: `basic_profile`, `ext_profile`, `ext_nested_groups`, etc.
- `show_as_button` (Boolean) Display connection as a button. Only available on enterprise connections.
- `token_endpoint` (String) Token endpoint.
- `upstream_params` (String) You can pass provider-specific parameters to an identity provider during authentication. The values can either be static per connection or dynamic per user.
- `userinfo_endpoint` (String) User info endpoint.

### Read-Only

- `enabled_clients` (Set of String) IDs of the clients for which the connection is enabled.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `strategy` (String) Type of the connection, which indicates the identity provider.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Connections can be imported using their ID.
#
# Example:
terraform import auth0_connection_okta.okta con_a17f21fdb24d48a0
```
