---
page_title: "Resource: auth0_custom_domain"
description: |-
  With Auth0, you can use a custom domain to maintain a consistent user experience. This resource allows you to create and manage a custom domain within your Auth0 tenant.
---

# Resource: auth0_custom_domain

With Auth0, you can use a custom domain to maintain a consistent user experience. This resource allows you to create and manage a custom domain within your Auth0 tenant.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "auth0_custom_domain" "my_custom_domain" {
  domain     = "auth.example.com"
  type       = "auth0_managed_certs"
  tls_policy = "recommended"
  domain_metadata = {
    key1 : "value1"
    key2 : "value2"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) Name of the custom domain.
- `type` (String) Provisioning type for the custom domain. Options include `auth0_managed_certs` and `self_managed_certs`.

### Optional

- `custom_client_ip_header` (String) The HTTP header to fetch the client's IP address. Cannot be set on auth0_managed domains.
- `domain_metadata` (Map of String) Metadata associated with the Custom Domain. Maximum of 10 metadata properties allowed. (EA only).
- `tls_policy` (String) TLS policy for the custom domain. Available options are: `compatible` or `recommended`. Compatible includes TLS 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, and recommended only includes TLS 1.2. Cannot be set on self_managed domains.

### Read-Only

- `certificate` (List of Object) The Custom Domain certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `origin_domain_name` (String) Once the configuration status is `ready`, the DNS name of the Auth0 origin server that handles traffic for the custom domain.
- `primary` (Boolean, Deprecated) Indicates whether this is a primary domain.
- `status` (String) Configuration status for the custom domain. Options include `disabled`, `pending`, `pending_verification`, `ready` and `failed`.
- `verification` (List of Object) Configuration settings for verification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verification))

<a id="nestedatt--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate`

Read-Only:

- `certificate_authority` (String)
- `error_msg` (String)
- `renews_before` (String)
- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verification`

Read-Only:

- `error_msg` (String)
- `last_verified_at` (String)
- `methods` (List of Map of String)
- `status` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Custom domains can be imported using their ID.
#
# You can find existing custom domain IDs using the Auth0 Management API.
# https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2#!/Custom_Domains/get_custom_domains
#
# Example:
terraform import auth0_custom_domain.my_custom_domain "cd_XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
```
