---
page_title: "Resource: auth0_network_acl"
description: |-
  With this resource, you can create and manage NetworkACLs for a tenant.
---

# Resource: auth0_network_acl

With this resource, you can create and manage NetworkACLs for a tenant.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example:
resource "auth0_network_acl" "my_network_acl" {
  description = "My network ACL"
  active      = true
  priority    = 1
  rule {
    action {
      allow = true
    }
    scope = "management"
    match {
      geo_country_codes = ["US", "CA"]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the Network ACL is active
- `description` (String) The description of the Network ACL
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the Network ACL
- `rule` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The rule of the Network ACL (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `action` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The action configuration for the Network ACL Rule. Only one action type (block, allow, log, or redirect) should be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--action))
- `scope` (String) The scope of the Network ACL Rule

Optional:

- `match` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the Network ACL Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--match))
- `not_match` (Block List, Max: 1) The configuration for the Network ACL Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--not_match))

<a id="nestedblock--rule--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.action`

Optional:

- `allow` (Boolean) If true, allows the request. When using allow action, no other properties should be set.
- `block` (Boolean) If true, blocks the request. When using block action, no other properties should be set.
- `log` (Boolean) If true, logs the request. When using log action, no other properties should be set.
- `redirect` (Boolean) If true, redirects the request. When using redirect action, redirect_uri must also be specified.
- `redirect_uri` (String) The URI to redirect to when redirect is true. Required when redirect is true. Must be between 1 and 2000 characters.


<a id="nestedblock--rule--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.match`

Optional:

- `asns` (List of Number) ASNs. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `geo_country_codes` (List of String) Geo Country Codes. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `geo_subdivision_codes` (List of String) Geo Subdivision Codes. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `ipv4_cidrs` (List of String) IPv4 CIDRs. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items. Can be IPv4 addresses or CIDR blocks.
- `ipv6_cidrs` (List of String) IPv6 CIDRs. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items. Can be IPv6 addresses or CIDR blocks.
- `ja3_fingerprints` (List of String) JA3 Fingerprints. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `ja4_fingerprints` (List of String) JA4 Fingerprints. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `user_agents` (List of String) User Agents. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.


<a id="nestedblock--rule--not_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.not_match`

Optional:

- `asns` (List of Number) ASNs. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `geo_country_codes` (List of String) Geo Country Codes. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `geo_subdivision_codes` (List of String) Geo Subdivision Codes. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `ipv4_cidrs` (List of String) IPv4 CIDRs. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items. Can be IPv4 addresses or CIDR blocks.
- `ipv6_cidrs` (List of String) IPv6 CIDRs. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items. Can be IPv6 addresses or CIDR blocks.
- `ja3_fingerprints` (List of String) JA3 Fingerprints. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `ja4_fingerprints` (List of String) JA4 Fingerprints. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.
- `user_agents` (List of String) User Agents. Must contain between 1 and 10 unique items.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource can be imported using the network acl ID.
#
# Example:
terraform import auth0_network_acl.my_network_acl "167f9a50-4444-3333-1111-ndfdaf953ab4"
```
