---
page_title: "Resource: auth0_organization_connection"
description: |-
  With this resource, you can manage enabled connections on an organization.
---

# Resource: auth0_organization_connection

With this resource, you can manage enabled connections on an organization.

!> This resource appends a connection to an organization. In contrast, the `auth0_organization_connections` resource
manages all the connections enabled for an organization. To avoid potential issues, it is recommended not to use this
resource in conjunction with the `auth0_organization_connections` resource when managing enabled connections for the
same organization id.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "auth0_connection" "my_connection" {
  name     = "My Connection"
  strategy = "auth0"
}

resource "auth0_organization" "my_organization" {
  name         = "my-organization"
  display_name = "My Organization"
}

resource "auth0_organization_connection" "my_org_conn" {
  organization_id            = auth0_organization.my_organization.id
  connection_id              = auth0_connection.my_connection.id
  assign_membership_on_login = true
  is_signup_enabled          = false
  show_as_button             = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) The ID of the connection to enable for the organization.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization to enable the connection for.

### Optional

- `assign_membership_on_login` (Boolean) When `true`, all users that log in with this connection will be automatically granted membership in the organization. When `false`, users must be granted membership in the organization before logging in with this connection.
- `is_signup_enabled` (Boolean) Determines whether organization sign-up should be enabled for this organization connection. Only applicable for database connections. Note: `is_signup_enabled` can only be `true` if `assign_membership_on_login` is `true`.
- `show_as_button` (Boolean) Determines whether a connection should be displayed on this organization’s login prompt. Only applicable for enterprise connections.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the enabled connection.
- `strategy` (String) The strategy of the enabled connection.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource can be imported by specifying the
# organization ID and connection ID separated by "::" (note the double colon)
# <organizationID>::<connectionID>
#
# Example:
terraform import auth0_organization_connection.my_org_conn "org_XXXXX::con_XXXXX"
```
