---
page_title: "Resource: auth0_prompt_screen_renderers"
description: |-
  With this resource, you can manage multiple prompt rendering settings in bulk using the PATCH /api/v2/prompts/rendering endpoint. This allows you to configure rendering settings for multiple prompt screens efficiently. You can read more about this here https://auth0.com/docs/customize/login-pages/advanced-customizations/getting-started/configure-acul-screens.
---

# Resource: auth0_prompt_screen_renderers

With this resource, you can manage multiple prompt rendering settings in bulk using the PATCH /api/v2/prompts/rendering endpoint. This allows you to configure rendering settings for multiple prompt screens efficiently. You can read more about this [here](https://auth0.com/docs/customize/login-pages/advanced-customizations/getting-started/configure-acul-screens).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `renderings` (Block List, Min: 1) List of prompt rendering configurations to manage in bulk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--renderings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--renderings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `renderings`

Required:

- `prompt` (String) The prompt type.
- `screen` (String) The screen name.

Optional:

- `context_configuration` (Set of String) Context values to make available
- `default_head_tags_disabled` (Boolean) Override Universal Login default head tags
- `filters` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional filters to apply rendering rules to specific entities. `match_type` and at least one of the entity arrays are required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--renderings--filters))
- `head_tags` (String) An array of head tags
- `rendering_mode` (String) Rendering modeOptions are: `standard`, `advanced`.
- `use_page_template` (Boolean) Use page template with ACUL

Read-Only:

- `tenant` (String) Tenant ID

<a id="nestedblock--renderings--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `renderings.filters`

Required:

- `match_type` (String) Type of match to apply. Options: `includes_any`, `excludes_any`.

Optional:

- `clients` (String) An array of clients (applications) identified by id or a metadata key/value pair. Entity Limit: 25.
- `domains` (String) An array of domains identified by id or a metadata key/value pair. Entity Limit: 25.
- `organizations` (String) An array of organizations identified by id or a metadata key/value pair. Entity Limit: 25.


