---
page_title: "Resource: auth0_resource_server"
description: |-
  With this resource, you can set up APIs that can be consumed from your authorized applications.
---

# Resource: auth0_resource_server

With this resource, you can set up APIs that can be consumed from your authorized applications.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "auth0_resource_server" "my_resource_server" {
  name        = "Example Resource Server (Managed by Terraform)"
  identifier  = "https://api.example.com"
  signing_alg = "RS256"

  allow_offline_access                            = true
  token_lifetime                                  = 8600
  skip_consent_for_verifiable_first_party_clients = true
  consent_policy                                  = "transactional-authorization-with-mfa"
  token_encryption {
    format = "compact-nested-jwe"
    encryption_key {
      name      = "keyname"
      algorithm = "RSA-OAEP-256"
      pem       = <<EOF
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
MIIFWDCCA0ACCQDXqpBo3R...G9w0BAQsFADBuMQswCQYDVQQGEwJl
-----END CERTIFICATE-----
EOF
    }
  }
  authorization_details {
    type = "payment"
  }
  authorization_details {
    type = "non-payment"
  }
  proof_of_possession {
    mechanism = "mtls"
    required  = true
  }
  subject_type_authorization {
    user {
      policy = "allow_all"
    }
    client {
      policy = "require_client_grant"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Unique identifier for the resource server. Used as the audience parameter for authorization calls. Cannot be changed once set.

### Optional

- `allow_offline_access` (Boolean) Indicates whether refresh tokens can be issued for this resource server.
- `authorization_details` (Block List) Authorization details for this resource server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--authorization_details))
- `consent_policy` (String) Consent policy for this resource server. Options include `transactional-authorization-with-mfa`, or `null` to disable.
- `enforce_policies` (Boolean) If this setting is enabled, RBAC authorization policies will be enforced for this API. Role and permission assignments will be evaluated during the login transaction.
- `name` (String) Friendly name for the resource server. Cannot include `<` or `>` characters.
- `proof_of_possession` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration settings for proof-of-possession for this resource server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--proof_of_possession))
- `signing_alg` (String) Algorithm used to sign JWTs. Options include `HS256`, `RS256`, and `PS256`.
- `signing_secret` (String) Secret used to sign tokens when using symmetric algorithms (HS256).
- `skip_consent_for_verifiable_first_party_clients` (Boolean) Indicates whether to skip user consent for applications flagged as first party.
- `subject_type_authorization` (Block List, Max: 1) Authorization policies for user and client flows. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subject_type_authorization))
- `token_dialect` (String) Dialect of access tokens that should be issued for this resource server. Options include `access_token`, `rfc9068_profile`, `access_token_authz`, and `rfc9068_profile_authz`. `access_token` is a JWT containing standard Auth0 claims. `rfc9068_profile` is a JWT conforming to the IETF JWT Access Token Profile. `access_token_authz` is a JWT containing standard Auth0 claims, including RBAC permissions claims. `rfc9068_profile_authz` is a JWT conforming to the IETF JWT Access Token Profile, including RBAC permissions claims. RBAC permissions claims are available if RBAC (`enforce_policies`) is enabled for this API. For more details, refer to [Access Token Profiles](https://auth0.com/docs/secure/tokens/access-tokens/access-token-profiles).
- `token_encryption` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for JSON Web Encryption(JWE) of tokens for this resource server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--token_encryption))
- `token_lifetime` (Number) Number of seconds during which access tokens issued for this resource server from the token endpoint remain valid.
- `token_lifetime_for_web` (Number) Number of seconds during which access tokens issued for this resource server via implicit or hybrid flows remain valid. Cannot be greater than the `token_lifetime` value.
- `verification_location` (String) URL from which to retrieve JWKs for this resource server. Used for verifying the JWT sent to Auth0 for token introspection.

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String) The ID of the client associated with this resource server. If a client has been created and linked to this resource server, this field will be populated with that client's ID.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--authorization_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization_details`

Optional:

- `disable` (Boolean) Disable authorization details.
- `type` (String) Type of authorization details.


<a id="nestedblock--proof_of_possession"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proof_of_possession`

Optional:

- `disable` (Boolean) Disable proof-of-possession.
- `mechanism` (String) Mechanism used for proof-of-possession. `mtls` or `dpop` is supported.
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates whether proof-of-possession is required with this resource server.


<a id="nestedblock--subject_type_authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_type_authorization`

Optional:

- `client` (Block List, Max: 1) Client authorization policies for the resource server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subject_type_authorization--client))
- `user` (Block List, Max: 1) User authorization policies for the resource server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subject_type_authorization--user))

<a id="nestedblock--subject_type_authorization--client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_type_authorization.client`

Optional:

- `policy` (String) Client flows policy. One of `deny_all`, `require_client_grant`.


<a id="nestedblock--subject_type_authorization--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_type_authorization.user`

Optional:

- `policy` (String) User flows policy. One of `allow_all`, `deny_all`, `require_client_grant`.



<a id="nestedblock--token_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `token_encryption`

Optional:

- `disable` (Boolean) Disable token encryption.
- `encryption_key` (Block List, Max: 1) Authorization details for this resource server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--token_encryption--encryption_key))
- `format` (String) Format of the token encryption. Only `compact-nested-jwe` is supported.

<a id="nestedblock--token_encryption--encryption_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `token_encryption.encryption_key`

Required:

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm used to encrypt the token.
- `pem` (String) PEM-formatted public key. Must be JSON escaped.

Optional:

- `kid` (String) Key ID.
- `name` (String) Name of the encryption key.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Existing resource servers can be imported using their ID.
#
# Example:
terraform import auth0_resource_server.my_resource_server "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
```
