---
page_title: "Resource: auth0_tenant"
description: |-
  With this resource, you can manage Auth0 tenants, including setting logos and support contact information, setting error pages, and configuring default tenant behaviors.
---

# Resource: auth0_tenant

With this resource, you can manage Auth0 tenants, including setting logos and support contact information, setting error pages, and configuring default tenant behaviors.

~> Creating tenants through the Management API is not currently supported. Therefore, this resource can only
manage an existing tenant created through the Auth0 dashboard.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "auth0_tenant" "my_tenant" {
  friendly_name           = "Tenant Name"
  picture_url             = "http://example.com/logo.png"
  support_email           = "support@example.com"
  support_url             = "http://example.com/support"
  allowed_logout_urls     = ["http://example.com/logout"]
  session_lifetime        = 8760
  sandbox_version         = "12"
  enabled_locales         = ["en"]
  default_redirection_uri = "https://example.com/login"

  flags {
    disable_clickjack_protection_headers   = true
    enable_public_signup_user_exists_error = true
    use_scope_descriptions_for_consent     = true
    no_disclose_enterprise_connections     = false
    disable_management_api_sms_obfuscation = false
    disable_fields_map_fix                 = false
  }

  session_cookie {
    mode = "non-persistent"
  }

  sessions {
    oidc_logout_prompt_enabled = false
  }

  error_page {
    html          = "<html></html>"
    show_log_link = false
    url           = "https://example.com/error"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `acr_values_supported` (Set of String) List of supported ACR values.
- `allow_organization_name_in_authentication_api` (Boolean) Whether to accept an organization name instead of an ID on auth endpoints.
- `allowed_logout_urls` (List of String) URLs that Auth0 may redirect to after logout.
- `customize_mfa_in_postlogin_action` (Boolean) Whether to enable flexible factors for MFA in the PostLogin action.
- `default_audience` (String) API Audience to use by default for API Authorization flows. This setting is equivalent to appending the audience to every authorization request made to the tenant for every application.
- `default_directory` (String) Name of the connection to be used for Password Grant exchanges. Options include `auth0-adldap`, `ad`, `auth0`, `email`, `sms`, `waad`, and `adfs`.
- `default_redirection_uri` (String) The default absolute redirection URI. Must be HTTPS or an empty string.
- `default_token_quota` (Block List, Max: 1) Token Quota configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_token_quota))
- `disable_acr_values_supported` (Boolean) Disable list of supported ACR values.
- `enabled_locales` (List of String) Supported locales for the user interface. The first locale in the list will be used to set the default locale.
- `error_page` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for the error page (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--error_page))
- `flags` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration settings for tenant flags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--flags))
- `friendly_name` (String) Friendly name for the tenant.
- `idle_session_lifetime` (Number) Number of hours during which a session can be inactive before the user must log in again.
- `mtls` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for mTLS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mtls))
- `oidc_logout` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings related to OIDC RP-initiated Logout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oidc_logout))
- `picture_url` (String) URL of logo to be shown for the tenant. Recommended size is 150px x 150px. If no URL is provided, the Auth0 logo will be used.
- `pushed_authorization_requests_supported` (Boolean) Enable pushed authorization requests.
- `sandbox_version` (String) Selected sandbox version for the extensibility environment, which allows you to use custom scripts to extend parts of Auth0's functionality.
- `session_cookie` (Block List, Max: 1) Alters behavior of tenant's session cookie. Contains a single `mode` property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--session_cookie))
- `session_lifetime` (Number) Number of hours during which a session will stay valid.
- `sessions` (Block List, Max: 1) Sessions related settings for the tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sessions))
- `skip_non_verifiable_callback_uri_confirmation_prompt` (Boolean) Indicates whether to skip the confirmation prompt when using non-verifiable callback URIs.
- `support_email` (String) Support email address for authenticating users.
- `support_url` (String) Support URL for authenticating users.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--default_token_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_token_quota`

Optional:

- `clients` (Block List, Max: 1) The token quota configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_token_quota--clients))
- `organizations` (Block List, Max: 1) The token quota configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_token_quota--organizations))

<a id="nestedblock--default_token_quota--clients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_token_quota.clients`

Required:

- `client_credentials` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The token quota configuration for client credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_token_quota--clients--client_credentials))

<a id="nestedblock--default_token_quota--clients--client_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_token_quota.clients.client_credentials`

Optional:

- `enforce` (Boolean) If enabled, the quota will be enforced and requests in excess of the quota will fail. If disabled, the quota will not be enforced, but notifications for requests exceeding the quota will be available in logs.
- `per_day` (Number) Maximum number of issued tokens per day
- `per_hour` (Number) Maximum number of issued tokens per hour



<a id="nestedblock--default_token_quota--organizations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_token_quota.organizations`

Required:

- `client_credentials` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The token quota configuration for client credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_token_quota--organizations--client_credentials))

<a id="nestedblock--default_token_quota--organizations--client_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_token_quota.organizations.client_credentials`

Optional:

- `enforce` (Boolean) If enabled, the quota will be enforced and requests in excess of the quota will fail. If disabled, the quota will not be enforced, but notifications for requests exceeding the quota will be available in logs.
- `per_day` (Number) Maximum number of issued tokens per day
- `per_hour` (Number) Maximum number of issued tokens per hour




<a id="nestedblock--error_page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_page`

Optional:

- `html` (String) Custom Error HTML (Liquid syntax is supported)
- `show_log_link` (Boolean) Whether to show the link to log as part of the default error page (true, default) or not to show the link (false).
- `url` (String) URL to redirect to when an error occurs instead of showing the default error page


<a id="nestedblock--flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flags`

Optional:

- `allow_legacy_delegation_grant_types` (Boolean) Whether the legacy delegation endpoint will be enabled for your account (true) or not available (false).
- `allow_legacy_ro_grant_types` (Boolean) Whether the legacy `auth/ro` endpoint (used with resource owner password and passwordless features) will be enabled for your account (true) or not available (false).
- `allow_legacy_tokeninfo_endpoint` (Boolean) If enabled, customers can use Tokeninfo Endpoint, otherwise they can not use it.
- `dashboard_insights_view` (Boolean) Enables new insights activity page view.
- `dashboard_log_streams_next` (Boolean) Enables beta access to log streaming changes.
- `disable_clickjack_protection_headers` (Boolean) Indicates whether classic Universal Login prompts include additional security headers to prevent clickjacking.
- `disable_fields_map_fix` (Boolean) Disables SAML fields map fix for bad mappings with repeated attributes.
- `disable_management_api_sms_obfuscation` (Boolean) If true, SMS phone numbers will not be obfuscated in Management API GET calls.
- `enable_adfs_waad_email_verification` (Boolean) If enabled, users will be presented with an email verification prompt during their first login when using Azure AD or ADFS connections.
- `enable_apis_section` (Boolean) Indicates whether the APIs section is enabled for the tenant.
- `enable_client_connections` (Boolean) Indicates whether all current connections should be enabled when a new client is created.
- `enable_custom_domain_in_emails` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tenant allows custom domains in emails. Before enabling this flag, you must have a custom domain with status: `ready`.
- `enable_dynamic_client_registration` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tenant allows dynamic client registration.
- `enable_idtoken_api2` (Boolean) Whether ID tokens can be used to authorize some types of requests to API v2 (true) or not (false).
- `enable_legacy_logs_search_v2` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use the older v2 legacy logs search.
- `enable_legacy_profile` (Boolean) Whether ID tokens and the userinfo endpoint includes a complete user profile (true) or only OpenID Connect claims (false).
- `enable_pipeline2` (Boolean) Indicates whether advanced API Authorization scenarios are enabled.
- `enable_public_signup_user_exists_error` (Boolean) Indicates whether the public sign up process shows a `user_exists` error if the user already exists.
- `enable_sso` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether users will not be prompted to confirm log in before SSO redirection. This flag applies to existing tenants only; new tenants have it enforced as true.
- `mfa_show_factor_list_on_enrollment` (Boolean) Used to allow users to pick which factor to enroll with from the list of available MFA factors.
- `no_disclose_enterprise_connections` (Boolean) Do not Publish Enterprise Connections Information with IdP domains on the lock configuration file.
- `remove_alg_from_jwks` (Boolean) Remove `alg` from jwks(JSON Web Key Sets).
- `require_pushed_authorization_requests` (Boolean, Deprecated) This Flag is not supported by the Auth0 Management API and will be removed in the next major release.
- `revoke_refresh_token_grant` (Boolean) Delete underlying grant when a refresh token is revoked via the Authentication API.
- `use_scope_descriptions_for_consent` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use scope descriptions for consent.


<a id="nestedblock--mtls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mtls`

Optional:

- `disable` (Boolean) Disable mTLS settings.
- `enable_endpoint_aliases` (Boolean) Enable mTLS endpoint aliases.


<a id="nestedblock--oidc_logout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc_logout`

Required:

- `rp_logout_end_session_endpoint_discovery` (Boolean) Enable the end_session_endpoint URL in the .well-known discovery configuration.


<a id="nestedblock--session_cookie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_cookie`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Behavior of tenant session cookie. Accepts either "persistent" or "non-persistent".


<a id="nestedblock--sessions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sessions`

Required:

- `oidc_logout_prompt_enabled` (Boolean) When active, users will be presented with a consent prompt to confirm the logout request if the request is not trustworthy. Turn off the consent prompt to bypass user confirmation.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# As this is not a resource identifiable by an ID within the Auth0 Management API,
# tenant can be imported using a random string.
#
# We recommend [Version 4 UUID](https://www.uuidgenerator.net/version4)
#
# Example:
terraform import auth0_tenant.my_tenant "82f4f21b-017a-319d-92e7-2291c1ca36c4"
```
